---
layout: page
title: cv
permalink: /cv/
---

## ☣
{: style="text-align: center;"}

### [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/acarnuri/)

---

### TR [ ENG ⇣ ]

Ben bir siber sanatçıyım.

Ortaokul, lise ve üniversite eğitimim devam ederken aynı zamanda Klasik Türk
Müziği eğitimi de aldım. Üniversite günlerinde ise işin içine bilgisayar
girdi. Meğer ne harika bir şeymiş. Elektrik olduğu sürece sonu yok! Dijitale
evrildim. Sinema filmleri, diziler, çizgi filmler, reklamlar, belgeseller,
yarışmalar, mobil oyunlar/uygulamalar, canlı yayınlar ve stüdyo albümleri
için; 3d animasyon, vfx, video kurgu, senaryo yazımı, ses efekt tasarımı, ses
kurgusu, müzik besteleri ve tonmaisterlik yaptım.

Yaptığım işlerin bir kısmı şu linklerdeler:

[CGI & Ses Efekt](https://vimeo.com/nuriacar)

[Müzik](https://youtube.com/user/sirnewage/playlists)

Tüm bunların programlama ve siber güvenlikle ne alakası var? Görsel efekt
programlarının kendi script dillerinin yanında Python modülleri de var. Bu;
işleri kolaylaştıran, otomatize eden harika bir özellik. Sıradan bir
bilgisayar, bir text editörü ve Python'la yapılabilecekler hayal gücünüze ve
azminize kalmış. Sonu yok! Belki vardır ama ben henüz oraya varmadım.
Hatırlatmakta fayda var: π ≅ 3, elektrik hep var!

...ve siber sanatlara evrildim.

Sonrası? [Bilinmeze Yolculuk!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3KN1bktV2U)

Shell we begin? T - 34, 21, 13, 8, 5, 3, 2, 1, 1, 0 . . . . . [We have
liftoff!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kixPJtyOtPY)

[Nuri ACAR](http://nuriacar.com)

---

### ENG

I am a cyber artist.

While my secondary school, high school and university education continues, at
the same time I also studied Classical Turkish Music. At university, I met
computer. What a wonderful thing. As long as power on, there is no end! I
evolved to digital. For motion pictures, TV series, cartoons, advertisements,
documentaries, reality shows, mobile games/apps, live streams and studio
albums; I did 3d animation, vfx, video editing, script writing, sound effects
design, sound editing, musical compositions and audio engineering.

Check links below for some of my showreels:

[CGI & Sound Effects](https://vimeo.com/nuriacar)

[Music](https://youtube.com/user/sirnewage/playlists)

What does all this have to do with programming and cybersecurity? Visual
effects programs have Python modules as well as their own scripting languages.
It is a great feature that makes things easier and automates. What you can do
with an ordinary computer, a text editor and Python is up to your imagination
and perseverance. There is no end! Maybe there is, but I haven't reached there
yet. It is useful to remind: Assume π ≅ 3 and power always on!

...and I evolved into the cyber arts.

Next? [Into Darkness!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3KN1bktV2U)

Shell we begin? T - 34, 21, 13, 8, 5, 3, 2, 1, 1, 0. . . . . [We have
liftoff!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kixPJtyOtPY)

[Nuri ACAR](http://nuriacar.com)

---

### 1. Education

+ [ 11/2018 - ... ] [ [Uni. of Helsinki & Aalto, Finland, Computer Science, MOOC](https://mooc.fi/en) ]

  + [Introduction to Cyber Security, F-Secure](https://cybersecuritybase.mooc.fi/)

  + [Elements of Artifical Intelligence, Reaktor](https://www.elementsofai.com/)

    I translated this training in Turkish. There will be six chapter but there
    is only one for now! I will add other chapters over time.

    [![YZ 101 Bölüm 1](/assets/img/maze-mini.png "1. Yapay Zeka Nedir?")](/ai/2020/10/05/yapay-zeka-101-1.html)
    [![YZ 101 Bölüm 2](/assets/img/maze-mini.png "2. Yapay Zeka Problemi Çözme")](/ai/2020/10/06/yapay-zeka-101-2.html)
    [![YZ 101 Bölüm 3](/assets/img/maze-mini.png "3. Gerçek Dünyada Yapay Zeka")](/ai/2020/10/07/yapay-zeka-101-3.html)
    [![YZ 101 Bölüm 4](/assets/img/maze-mini.png "4. Makine Öğrenmesi (Machine Learning)")](/ai/2020/10/08/yapay-zeka-101-4.html)
    [![YZ 101 Bölüm 5](/assets/img/maze-mini.png "5. Sinir Ağları (Neural Networks)")](/ai/2020/10/09/yapay-zeka-101-5.html)
    {: style="text-align: center;"}

+ [ 9/2020 - ... ] [ [International Akhmet Yassawi Uni., Computer Engineering](https://www.ayu.edu.tr/) ]

+ [ 9/2007 - 1/2015 ] [ [Anadolu Uni., Bussiness Management](https://www.anadolu.edu.tr/) ]

+ [ 9/2004 - 12/2014 (Quit) ] [ [Istanbul Uni., Mechanical Engineering](https://makinemuhendislik.istanbulc.edu.tr/) ]

#### 1.1. Course, Certificate

+ Lisp, Artifical Intelligence, [Enterprise Knowledge Graphs](https://enterprise-kg-cdl-online-meetup.heysummit.com/)

  + Data Revolution: The Emergence of the Decentralized Enterprise Knowledge
  Graph. (Tony Seale, Information Architect)

  + The future of AI in the Enterprise: Entity-Event Knowledge Graphs for
  Data-Centric Organizations (Jans Aasman, CEO, Franz Inc)

  + Knowledge Graphs for Data Integrity, Innovation and Digitalization in
  Professional Services (Symeon Vasileiadis, Knowledge Engineer, EngineB)

+ [Bilgi Teknolojileri Kurumu - BTK Academy](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr)

  + [Cyber Security Analist](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/siber-guvenlik-analisti-egitimi-5020)

  + [Security Test](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/guvenlik-testi-online-egitimi-4608)

  + [Linux System Administration](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/linux-sistem-yonetimi-874)
  
  + [Wireless Network Security](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/kablosuz-ag-guvenligi-900)

  + [Bash Programming Language](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/bash-programlama-dili-883)

  + [Python Programming Language](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/python-programlama-dili-891)

  + [Basics of Cryptology](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/kriptoloji-temelleri-3054)

  + [Introduction to Cellular Systems](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/hucresel-sistemlere-giris-3051)

  + [Evolution of Cellular Systems](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/hucresel-sistemlerin-gelisimi-3052)

  + [Introduction to Spectrum Management](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/spektrum-yonetimine-giris-730)

  + [Personal Information Security](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/kisisel-bilgi-guvenligi-200)

  + [Secrets of Persuasion](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/ikna-n-n-s-rlar--259)

  + [Time Management](https://www.btkakademi.gov.tr/portal/course/zaman-yonetimi-3000)

+ Udemy

  + [System Penertation Testing and Ethical Hacking, Alparslan Akyıldız](https://www.udemy.com/course/pentesting_system/)

---

### 2. Skill

+ OS: Windows, Unix-like OS’s

+ Programming Languages: C, Python, Lisp, Bash

+ Programs:
  + CGI & Video:
    + Autodesk: Maya, 3dsMax
    + Adobe: After Effects, Photoshop
    + Editshare: Lightworks
    + Sony: Vegas
    + Blender Foundation: Blender
    + Gimp, Inkscape

  + Audio:
    + Avid ProTools
    + Presonus StudioOne
    + Sony Acid
    + Audacity

+ Foreign Languages: English [3,5 / 5]

---

### 3. Work Experience

+ [ 8/2019 - ... ] [ [cevizlab](/cevizlab/) & [muucit](/muucit/) ]
  
  [ Entrepreneur ]
  
  + cevizlab: [Cyber Arts](https://instagram.com/cevizlab)
  
  + muucit: [Mathematic and Art Toys, Puzzles, Objects](https://instagram.com/muucit)

+ [ 10/2019 - 12/2019 ] [ Freelance ] [ [StemistLab](http://stemistbox.com) ]

  [ Visionary ]
  
  In StemistLab Mars workshop, I taught about 500 students on space, soilless
  agriculture and problem solving, and did visionary.

+ [ 8/2015 - 10/2019 ] [ [TürkMedya](http://turkmedya.com.tr) ]

  [ Live Broadcast Audio Operator ]

+ [ 9/2014 - 5/2015 ] [ Agah International Motion Picture Association ]

  [ Co-Founder ]

+ [ 7/2014 - 9/2014 ] [ Freelance ] [ Fethi Gemuhluoğlu Documentary ]

  [ Artist, Soundtrack Composer, Performer, Recording Engineer ]

  [Soundtrack Album](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjGoAmqsQhdIEyRTlREPwL9v4Te9CtjgB)

+ [ 5/2014 - 6/2014 ] [ Freelance ] [ Ciklet Games ]
  
  [ Rigger, 3D Animator ]

  [Subway Scooters](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.CikletGames.CrazyScooters)

+ [ 2014 ] [ [SIR, N01 Album](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjGoAmqsQhdJ39LkXn9mk9Qkum1l50CZd) ]

  [ Artist, Composer, Performer, Recording Engineer ]

+ [ 7/2013 - 5/2014 ] [ Animaj Productions ]

  [ Sound Designer, Editor, Composer ]

  + [UK2911 Soundtrack & Teaser Album](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjGoAmqsQhdL0_yY5aNM_P2pj8uP0Qam2)

  + [Matrix Demoreel](https://vimeo.com/132516933)

  + [Nuri ACAR, IMDB](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm6932027/)

+ [ 5/2013 - 7/2013 ] [ Freelance ] [ Atasoy Müftüoğlu Documentary ]

  [ Artist, Soundtrack Composer, Performer, Recording Engineer ]

  [Soundtrack Album](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjGoAmqsQhdLbpT82poAOwGqvOBp5l4h1)

+ [ 9/2012 - 5/2013 ] [ Bilgikum Morpsy Entertainment ]

  [ Supervisor, Scriptwriter, 3D Animator, Sound Effects Designer ]

  Turkish Airlines & Anadolu JET multiplatform game design, scriptwriting, 3D animation, sound design and supervisory.

  + [Turkish Airlines Demo](https://vimeo.com/64551313)
  
  + [Anadolu JET Demo](https://vimeo.com/64546982)

+ [ 3/2012 - 8/2012 ] [ Paradox Production ]

  [ Motion Graphic Artist, 3D Animator ]

  Graniser Ceramic advertisement shooting and post production.

+ [ 3/2012 - 6/2012 ] [ Freelance ] [ [3D Akademi](https://3dakademi.com/) ]

  [ Autodesk Maya Instructor ]

+ [ 2/2012 - 4/2012 ] [ Freelance ] [ Unity Production & Procter&Gamble ]

  [ Rigger, 3D Animator ]

  [Procter & Gamble, Prima Olympics & Fetus](https://vimeo.com/42186155)

+ [ 7/2011 - 2/2012 ] [ Renk Mobil Bilişim ]

  [ Supervizor, Composer, 3D Animator ]
  
  Cem Yılmaz, Ata Demirer and Mercedes mobile game and application.

+ [ 2011 ] [ [SIR, Amesia Newborn Album](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjGoAmqsQhdImnpbthirSQf1TQWaxmpLX) ]

  [ Artist, Composer, Performer, Recording Engineer ]

+ [ 9/2010 - 6/2011 ] [ DYM / TMC Productions ]

  [ 3D Animator ]
  
  Endless War 3D cartoon.

+ [ 4/2010 - 6/2010 ] [ Freelance ] [ [Bilge Adam ](https://www.bilgeadam.com/) ]

  [ Adobe After Effects Instructor ]

+ [ 2/2010 - 4/2010 ] [ Freelance ] [ Post Pro Production ]

  [ 3D Animator ]

  [Quadruped Animations](https://vimeo.com/10827289)

+ [ 1/2010 - 8/2010 ] [ [Digiflame](http://www.digiflame.com/) ]
  
  [ 3D Animator ]

  + Advertisement: [Vestel Mechabots](https://vimeo.com/36377172)
  
  + Motion Picture: [Eyyvah Eyvah, Türkler Çıldırmış Olmalı, Ay Lav Yu](https://vimeo.com/11115302)

  + TV Series: Bez Bebek, Adanalı

  + [Nuri ACAR, IMDB](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm6932027/)

+ [ 8/2009 - 12/2009 ] [ [Düşyeri](https://www.dusyeri.com.tr/) ]

  [ 3D Animator ]
  
  Pepee, 3D Cartoon, TRT

+ [ 10/2008 - 7/2009 ] [ Animax ]

  [ 3D Animator ]

  [Keloğlan Masalları, 3D Cartoon, TRT](https://www.trtcocuk.net.tr/keloglan-masallari)

---

### 4. Extra

+ Active Driver (B, D1 Licenses)
