---
layout: post
title:  Stereofonika 1, Binaural Beats & Noises [Ses]
date:   2020-10-17 12:00:00 +0000
categories: sir
---

![Stereofonika 1 Album](/assets/img/stereofonika-1.jpg "Stereofonika 1 Album")

#### **TR [ EN ⇣ ]**

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLjGoAmqsQhdK6ORjlRIkvWRXlxReGLMF9" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Bunlar deney amacıyla ürettiğim sesler; özel istek üzerine hazırladım ve beni
şaşırtacak şeylere sebep oldular çünkü yapılış amaçlarını gerçekleştirerek
etkili oldular. Peki nedir?

Binaural Beats, birbirinden bağımsız olarak sağ ve sol kulağa farklı
frekanslarda ses göndermek demek ve illaki kulaklıkla yapılması gerek. Bunu
yaptığınızda beynin doğal frekansında değişikliğe sebep olduğu keşfedilmiş.
Sol ve sağ kulaktan gönderilen bağımsız ses frekansları arasındaki fark kaç
hertz(hz) ise, beynin doğal frekansı da bu fark seviyesine yükseliyor.
Örneğin, sol kulaklıktan gelen ses frekansı 114Hz, sağ 100Hz ise, aradaki
14Hz'lik fark, beyni alfa dalgasının maksimumu olan 14'e, yani tam güçle
öğrenme moduna çekiyor. Fazlası beta dalgası... Kalp atışlarımız hızlanıyor,
çevremizdeki şeyleri tehdit olarak algılıyoruz. Yani "hayatta kal" modunun
aktifleşmesi hali...

Şimdilik şunları hazırladım:

+ **Teta L83Hz R76Hz**
  + Üretkenlik, sanat, icat, problem çözme.

+ **Alfa L90Hz R81Hz**
  + Süper öğrenme, hatırlama, hafızalama.

+ **Alfa L95Hz R85Hz**
  + Serotonin, iyi hissetme, mutluluk.

+ **Alfa L114Hz R100Hz**
  + Öğrenme frekanslarının üst sınırı. Tam güç öğrenme. Üzeri, Beta dalgaları!
    Tehlike!

+ **Kahverengi Gürültü**
  + Dinginlik, rahatlama, huzur.

Bunlara ek olarak bir de delta dalgasını aktifleştiren, yani sol kulak sağ
kulak farkı 0.5Hz ile 4Hz arasındaki sesler var ki onları dinlediğinizde sizi
güneşte kalmış denizanasına çeviriyor, hiç uykunuz olmasa ve hatta tanker
dolusu kahve içmiş olsanız dahi istemsizce uyutuveriyorlar. Onları buraya
eklemiyorum. Belki gelecekte... Peki ya etkisi? Benim de aralarında bulunduğum
insanlar üzerinde yapılan deneylerde, tüm bu seslerin ciddi etkili olduklarını
gördüm. Dinleyin ve sizdeki etkilerini bana yazın lütfen.

---

#### **EN**

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLjGoAmqsQhdK6ORjlRIkvWRXlxReGLMF9" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

These are the sounds I produce for experimental purposes; I prepared it on
special request and they caused things to surprise me because they were
effective by achieving their purpose. Well, what?

Binaural Beats means sending sounds at different frequencies to the right and
left ears independently of each other and must be done with headphones. It has
been discovered that when you do this, it causes a change in the natural
frequency of the brain. How many hertz (hz) is the difference between the
independent sound frequencies sent from the left and right ear, the natural
frequency of the brain increases to this level of difference. For example, if
the frequency of the sound from the left earphone is 114Hz and the right is
100Hz, the difference of 14Hz pulls the brain to the maximum of the alpha
wave, 14, that is, the learning mode with full power. More, beta waves ... Our
heartbeats accelerate, we perceive things around us as a threat. So the
"survive" mode is activated.

For now I have prepared:

+ **Theta L83Hz R76Hz**
  + Creativity, art, invention, problem solving.

+ **Alpha L90Hz R81Hz**
  + Super-learning, memorisation.

+ **Alpha L95Hz R85Hz**
  + Serotonin, well being, happiness.

+ **Alpha L114Hz R100Hz**
  + The upper limit of learning frequencies. Full power learning. More, Beta
    waves! Danger!

+ **Brownian Noise**
  + Calmness, relaxation, peace.

In addition to these, there are sounds that activate the delta wave, that is,
the difference between the left ear and the right ear, between 0.5Hz and 4Hz,
which turns you into a jellyfish in the sun when you listen to them, even if
you have no sleep and even if you drink a tanker full of coffee, they
involuntarily let you sleep. I am not adding them here. Maybe in the future
... What about the effect? In experiments on people, including myself, I have
found that all these voices have a serious impact. Listen and write me about
the effects on you please.

